new resource: `azurerm_media_live_event` (#10724)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/media_live_event.html.markdown

* `type` - (Optional) Live event type. Allowed values are `None`, `Premium1080p` or `Standard`. When encodingType is set to `None`, the service simply passes through the incoming video and audio layer(s) to the output. When `type` is set to `Standard` or `Premium1080p`, a live encoder transcodes the incoming stream into multiple bitrates or layers. See https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2095101 for more information. This property cannot be modified after the live event is created.

---

A `input` block supports the following:

* `access_token` - (Optional) A UUID in string form to uniquely identify the stream. This can be specified at creation time but cannot be updated. If omitted, the service will generate a unique value.

* `ip_access_control_allow` - (Optional) One or more `ip_access_control_allow` blocks as defined below.

* `key_frame_interval_duration` - (Optional) ISO 8601 time duration of the key frame interval duration of the input. This value sets the EXT-X-TARGETDURATION property in the HLS output. For example, use PT2S to indicate 2 seconds. Leave the value empty for encoding live events.

> * `streaming_protocol` - (Optional) The input protocol for the live event. This is specified at creation time and cannot be updated. Allowed values are `FragmentedMP4` and `RTMP`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `streaming_protocol` - (Optional) The input protocol for the live event. Allowed values are `FragmentedMP4` and `RTMP`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

---

A `ip_access_control_allow` block supports the following:

> * `address` - (Optional) The IP address.

Reviewer: presumably:

```suggestion
* `address` - (Optional) The IP address or CIDR range.
```
